Mom is having sex
with Gabe's dad.
That's not true.
It's true.
That is such a disturbing image.
We know you've been sleeping
with Gabe's dad.
I've been having an affair.
No. No.
No.
I've decided we're
getting divorced.
I thought this was fixable.
If you don't divorce
Elizabeth,
and you are willing
to work on things,
then I will let you write
your book "Finding Carter."
You were with him?
You overheard the whole
conversation?
It was just David
saying that
you were staying and Lori
should go and leave us alone.
That was it?
Nothing about a meeting?
Thank you for arranging
this meeting.
Is it possible she'd rather not
see you than say good-bye?
Everything he told me was a l--
Oh, my God.
(loud music playing inside)
Carter.
What's going on?
Go back to sleep.
Yeah, that's gonna happen.
All right.
I'm coming in.
So am I.
(loud pop music playing)
Carter?
Carter!
♪
(door shuts)
What's going on?
(scoffs)
Carter.
♪ There you go
♪ There you stay
♪ Keeping low
♪ Never wanna play
♪ You been up and down down
♪ You been low low low
♪ Pretending
to not feel alone ♪
♪ Pretending to not
feel alone ♪
Whatever it is, I want
to help you with it.
Okay?
(cell phone ringing)
You know what?
This is your dad.
Let me just tell him that
you're on your way.
No, please.
No, I can't.
What did your dad do
that has you so upset?
He took me to see my mom.
He took you to see Lori?
He said the two of them had
a lovely phone conversation
in which they discussed how
difficult it must have been
for me to make the decision
to stay here with you guys
and not run off with her.
He didn't--
That's not true.
And we waited for almost
three hours.
What?
Three hours in his car,
sitting with him,
and the whole time,
he knew we were waiting
for something
that was never going
to happen.
Well, you know, your dad,
he does have flaws,
but he is not cruel.
Really?
That's not cruel?
Oh, my God.
I told him he could start
writing his book.
You're letting him write
"Finding Carter"?
Yeah.
I wanted him to be happy.
Well, here's the thing
about your dad, Carter.
He's not a liar.
He's not, he just--
He hides things.
There's an explanation,
and I'm gonna get it.
Okay?
All right.
Now we should go.
Can I drive your car?
Why?
Because I'm really sad, and
I would really be cheered up
by driving a really fast car
with, like, sirens and stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Nice try.
Come on.
So how are things at home?
My dad's a mess.
He's being strong,
but I can see through it.
I wish there was something
I could say to make it better.
I appreciate that.
What's up, guys?
Ofe, man, what happened?
Oh, my God.
Wanna say, "You should see the
other guy," but he looks great.
Not a scratch on him.
Who's the other guy?
Dude, you gotta
press charges.
This is just the cost
of doing business.
Got a customer, placed
a big bet on a long shot
and it paid off,
and now I, uh, I owe him.
The only problem is I've been
letting people pay me
with their bar mitzvah savings
bonds, so I'm low on cash.
Low as in "L."
Anybody seen Bird?
She's over there,
talking with Ramon.
(French accent)
The flavor of the week.
Bird! Yo!
I have a medical emergency.
Medical emergency.
Ugh.
This better be good.
What do you think?
Good enough?
Yeah, what happened?
What happened is I need my bank
to cover some debts.
Wait, you're his bank?
It's not a charity.
She makes money.
I don't make money.
Yes, you do.
Enough to cover your...
Manis and pedis?
It's more an emotional
investment than it is financial.
That's right.
Shows my undying gratitude,
which is worth something.
Nobody say manis and pedis.
Ofe, this is a really
bad time, okay?
My parents are back in town for
the first time in eight months.
They're really happy
to see me,
but not so happy to see
my credit card bills.
They're making me meet
with their accountant.
That's your idea
of a bad time?
Okay.
Well, this is mine.
And next on this guy's list?
My elbows, or kneecaps.
I get to choose which half of my
body I want to lose the use of.
Ofe, you need to go
to the police.
Yeah, seriously.
And what?
Hope they turn a blind eye to my
illegal bookmaking operation?
Okay, I'll figure
something out.
By tomorrow?
As soon as I can.
Hi.
Hey, Taylor.
What happened to you?
Nothing that prevents me
from seeing
how very alluring
you look today.
Thanks.
I'm flattered...
and uncomfortable.
Um, can I have
the car keys?
It's second period.
Can I please just
have the car keys?
Are you skipping class?
Ooh...
Walk with me.
This is new.
Big deal.
I'm skipping school.
I've done it before.
Here.
Be safe.
Have fun.
Come here.
Don't be nervous.
It's gonna be great.
I've driven before.
I have a pretty good idea
where you're going
and what you're going to do.
I'm happy for you.
Seriously, Max is
a really great guy.
You both really care
about each other.
As usual, you're doing
everything perfectly,
including losing
your virginity.
So don't worry about it.
Okay.
Okay?
It has to be perfect.
You only get one chance.
Do I look like
I'm trying too hard?
No, you look really nice.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
You smell amazing today.
I was going to
tell you earlier.
You like it?
Go.
Okay.
Next time you see me, I'll be
a different person.
Totally changed.
Mm-hmm.
You're already
totally changed.
I like it.
Okay.
See you.
Bye.
Mm.
Please tell me I'm smelling
cookies and not some new
air freshener.
These cookies are for
Grant's bake sale at school,
and those just came out
of the oven.
I'm in heaven right now.
You just got back
from your editor?
How did it go?
Notes.
More notes.
Endless notes.
This book will get published,
and I'll still be getting notes.
Please tell me that I don't
have to wait that long
before I can read it.
Soon, I promise.
Okay, change of subject.
Why did you take Carter
to see Lori?
Kind of an awful thing to do,
don't you think?
It was awful.
I wanted her to feel that her
decision to stay with us
was the right one,
and hopefully she'll
never know it was a set-up.
What?
She knows.
What did you say?
I told her the truth about
what we said to Lori
the night we called.
I didn't know
it was a thing.
I had to protect my family,
so I got rid of Lori.
I spent the night convincing
Carter that you weren't a liar,
that you just have
these weird secrets.
But this was a lie.
You want to talk about
secrets and lies?
I gotta find Carter.
(school bell rings)
Carter.
I have to go.
I have a science test.
I'll write you a note.
Can we talk?
♪ Till your heart
stops beating ♪
♪ Your heart stops beating
♪ Try and try to cry
♪ But your tears are dry...
Thank you for
hearing me out.
All I want is the truth.
All right?
I don't care what that is.
I promise to give you that.
♪
So you weren't like...
like, punishing me
for not letting you
write your book?
No, I was trying
to simplify your life.
I just thought maybe that
would give you some closure.
My intentions were good,
but my methods sucked ass.
Did I use that right?
Yeah, you used it right,
just please never say it again.
About your book...
I was going to tell you
that I changed my mind,
and that you couldn't
write it anymore.
Well, it's completely
up to you.
All right...
you can write it.
Thank you.
Can you hold off for a while?
Yeah, of course.
We'll start
when you're ready.
Thank you.
♪ To feel apart
♪ Fake your smile
it may be a while ♪
♪ Till your heart
stops beating ♪
♪ Your heart stops
beating ♪
(easy pop music playing)
Are you sure
you wanna do this?
Yes.
You know, you can change
your mind at any time.
I know.
The music okay?
You like the music?
I love the music.
Don't be afraid to speak up.
If you don't like the way
something feels.
Or if you want me to stop or
adjust or-- I can change--
Max...
Yeah.
This is starting to sound
like Driver's Ed.
Sorry.
It's your first time, and
I want it to be perfect.
Should we turn off
the light?
Is that what you want?
Oh, I don't know.
I just thought--
I want to do it however...
you think is
the best way to do it.
Every way is the best way,
but it's your first time,
so you should just be
completely comfortable.
Um... okay, yeah.
Off, I guess.
Off?
Okay, I'll turn it off.
All right.
I can't really see you.
Could we turn the lamp on?
Not that lamp.
I found that lamp
on the street,
and I thought it was really
cool, but it doesn't work.
Which is probably why
I found it on the street.
There's a hardware store
just a couple blocks away,
so I'll run out and--
No, Max,
you don't have to go--
No, this is your
first time.
You should have a lamp.
Yeah, okay.
Hello?
(Ofe)
I don't know what
I'm going to do.
That looks pretty bad.
Give me a name.
What's that supposed to mean?
Don't worry about it.
It means nothing.
This was my mistake.
I got cocky, I started
taking large bets.
I learned
a valuable lesson.
Stay in your league.
Do you do that?
Do you beat people up?
I didn't say anything about
beating anybody up.
I'm serious, Crash.
I'm not going to
beat anybody up, okay?
Okay?
Come on.
(easy pop music playing)
What's wrong?
I don't know.
It's like...
I'm nervous.
It's like, suddenly
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what order
to do this all.
Just so you know,
I'm not saying I'm great,
but usually,
I'm better than this.
Why are you so nervous?
'Cause I'm your first.
And that's--
That's a great honor.
I don't know what's going
to come after me,
and I don't want to think
about those guys.
It's just--
Neither do I.
But it's like I already want
to be better than them.
I want to be your first, but
I also want to be your best.
You will be.
I know you will be.
I'm already--
I'm already terrible.
No, like, I went out
and bought you a lamp.
That's just-- I got--
I got nervous.
Then I told you that I got
nervous, and then after that,
I told you, like,
the why I'm nervous.
I shouldn't have done that.
Now I realize that I'm
telling you that I'm terrible.
But what I'm trying
to say is I'm sorry.
It's okay.
It's fine.
We can do it another time.
Can we do it another time?
Yeah.
I'll see you.
Okay?
All right.
I'll see you.
Hey, good-bye.
Here.
Don't say your bank didn't
do anything for you.
Oh, my God.
Bird...
you shouldn't have.
I know.
Bird, where did you get that?
My mom's jewelry closet,
and yes, I said closet.
It's not like she'll miss it.
What am I supposed
to do with it?
Sell it, pawn it,
pay off your debt.
Me in a pawn shop
with this necklace?
I don't have the right shoes.
Give it to me.
Yeah, I know a few places.
I'll take care of it.
No, Crash, you can't get
involved with this.
It's not like it's stolen.
It's mine.
Eventually.
Are you worried about me?
Yes.
This is the first time
anybody's ever been
worried about me.
Which means I get to say
don't worry.
Okay?
This is simple.
Crash.
I love you.
Um, hello?
I love you too.
I could never repay you.
It's a figure of speech.
I'll repay you.
Hello?
So?
How'd it go?
Oh, what happened?
Nothing.
Nothing?
He said he was nervous, and then
he was getting all competitive
with the boyfriends that I don't
even want because I have him.
All right.
So today didn't count.
You'll try again.
It's no big deal.
I'm not sure he wants to.
Taylor, come on.
He wants to.
He really likes you.
Like, really, really,
really likes you, Taylor.
I really, really,
really, really like him.
Just so you know,
when you reach six "reallys,"
you're technically supposed
to switch over to "love."
And you're only two away.
(knock on door)
(David)
Come in.
Good luck trying to talk
your way out of this one.
Okay, so, uh...
I'll talk to Carter today.
How about this?
We'll talk to Carter together.
(knock on door)
Hey, sleepyhead.
Time to get up.
Five more minutes.
Uh-uh.
You already had
an extra hour.
Oh crap, I'm late.
Shh.
No, no, no.
You're not going
to school today.
Why?
How about we talk about that
over breakfast, okay?
Okay.
So you'd already written it.
Yes.
And that whole speech about
fatherly truth telling...
that was a lie?
Yes.
What are the red marks?
My editor made those.
Have you read this?
Just yesterday.
How was it going
to work, exactly?
Were you just gonna pretend
to talk it through with me,
and then show me chapters
that had already been
written and edited?
I hadn't worked it out.
Carter, I needed this book.
For my family, for me.
I kept thinking it would all
work out, but I was wrong.
I never would have published it
without your permission.
I don't believe you.
"She had a tornado-like quality
in our lives from day one.
"Within 24 hours of meeting her
prim and proper twin sister,
"Carter had gotten Taylor
drunk and stoned,
and stolen her boyfriend."
See, and he knows that's
not what happened.
Okay, he calls Max
"a stoner with a slow tongue
and an even slower brain."
How can anyone be mean
about Max?
Yes!
They won.
Oh, thank you, God.
Do you realize
what this means?
I don't owe the money anymore.
The guy now owes me.
Call Crash.
It's just going straight
to voicemail.
I'm out of the hole.
You don't seem happy for me.
What?
Oh, yes.
(woman over intercom)
Beatrix?
Beatrix, can you hear me?
(mouthing words)
Yes, Mom, I can hear you.
I need you in the house.
Okay.
(beep)
God forbid she actually come
down here and meet my friends.
It's been eight months.
You'd think they'd be curious
about my life.
(beep)
Now, Beatrix.
I'm coming.
(beep)
Just hang here, okay?
(hip-hop music playing)
(knocking on door)
Taylor?
(gasps)
I'm sorry.
This is, this is bad.
No. No, it's not.
I'm sorry to have to
see me like this.
I'm sorry about yesterday.
I'm glad you're here.
I like you like this.
Should I change the music?
No.
I should brush my teeth.
This isn't perfect.
Yes, it is.
I really like you.
I mean, I really, really...
really...
really, really like you.
That's five.
One more to go.
And then what?
Crash still isn't answering
his phone.
(woman on intercom) Hello?
Yes?
Carter Stevens?
Is Carter Stevens there?
She is.
Yeah. Hi.
Come up to the house,
please.
Okay, I'll be right there.
(intercom beeps)
They won.
You ain't breaking
my legs, man.
(police radio droning)
Beatrix, this is the friend
you referred to?
Yes.
What's going on?
Carter, I'm
Beatrix's mother.
I believe you have
a necklace of mine.
Um, no, I don't.
No?
But you're wearing
my bracelet.
She gave this to me.
Did you give that to her?
No.
Sorry, Carter.
Hands behind your back, please.
What?
You're arresting me?
Hands before your back,
please.
Carter Stevens,
you're being charged
with grand larceny.
Bird, tell them.
Come on.
You--
Where are the cookies
I made?
Mom, they sold out
first thing.
People loved them.
Really?
Yeah, Mom, you were the hit
of the bake sale.
Come here.
Excuse me.
Is this your phone?
Oh yeah, thanks.
We ask our parent volunteers
to silence their phones
in hopes that you care enough
about your child's school
to give it
two hours of your time.
Of course.
I am so sorry.
Also your daughter's
in jail.
What?
(phone chimes)
That was happening a lot.
Mom, go.
Yeah.
Elizabeth, check your messages.
Just get down here, okay?
Now.
It's about Carter.
Kyle.
David.
Why don't you have the basic
kindness to steer clear
of our family issues?
I'm actually
doing you a favor.
Your daughter doesn't have
a lot of friends down here,
as I'm sure you know.
Where is she?
We have her in a cell.
In a cell.
That's your idea of a favor?
She's accused of stealing over
$100,000 worth of jewelry.
A cell was pretty unavoidable.
$100,000?
That's ridiculous.
She buys leather bracelets
at flea markets.
That kid doesn't own
$100 worth of jewelry.
At the time of her arrest, she
was wearing a $20,000 bracelet.
She was?
Mm-hmm.
Do you have a good
criminal attorney?
'Cause I can give you
a few names.
I mean, you gotta
be prepared.
A case like this?
Take it to trial?
It could wipe you out
financially.
Thanks, that's helpful
to point that out
at time like this, too.
Tell me how much worse
it could get.
I know you think
this is personal.
This is not personal.
Of course it's not.
Can I see Carter?
Where is she?
Yeah, we both want
to see her.
No, not together.
Can you give us
a second, Kyle?
Yeah.
Uhh-uh...
Our daughter's in a jail cell.
Can we not do this...
I don't want her to think
that you're just
gathering more material for
another chapter in your book.
The longer we have
this conversation,
the longer she
sits alone.
I just don't trust you
with her.
You don't trust me.
Uh-uh.
You trust her?
Why wouldn't I?
She was arrested
and charged for stealing
over $100,000 worth
of jewelry.
That she would never do.
She was wearing
some at the time.
Well, there's an explanation.
Maybe she was planning
to run away with Lori,
and they would need money,
and this would be
something they could pawn,
or maybe it's Crash.
Would you just stop this?
This isn't who she is.
I don't want this to be true
any more than you,
but talk to Kyle.
Kyle.
Yeah?
Could you just tell me
what this looks like?
It's bad.
Her friend Bird is ready
to testify against her.
I just need to figure out
a way to fix this.
Why don't you go in there
and admit that you lied?
No, I can't do that, okay?
My parents are barely
in my life as it is.
They're just looking for
an excuse to forget I exist.
They're already disappointed
they can't ship me off to rehab
like their friends do
with their kids.
Well, unless you step up,
Carter's probably looking
at prison time.
What the hell are you
talking about?
What happened?
Where's Carter?
It's a long story,
but the short answer is
a cell at the Fairfax
police precinct.
Please don't freak out.
If you just give back the
necklace, this will all be over.
The necklace that you
told me to pawn?
I got 20 grand for it.
It's worth 100.
Okay, so then I did
pretty well then.
Can you just get back
the necklace?
I thought you needed
the money.
Not anymore.
They won.
Look, all you have to do is
get back the necklace
and my mom will drop all
the charges against Carter.
How about this?
You get your mom to drop the
charges against Carter first,
and then I'll get you back
the necklace.
Crash, now really isn't the time
to start developing morals.
What happened to yours?
(door buzzer)
Oh, my God.
Can we go now, please?
I'll let you know
about bail.
Your father's looking into
some criminal attorneys.
We have some names.
Why do I need
a criminal attorney?
I didn't do anything.
You know your friend Bird
is ready
to testify against you?
Obviously not my friend Bird.
Don't be mad at me, but did
Crash put you up to this?
You know what, I actually am
mad at you for asking that.
You don't think he had anything
to do with this, do you?
Right now, I don't know
what to think.
You don't know what
to think about me.
Well, thank you very much
for the vote of confidence.
I don't want to believe
that you have
anything to do with this,
but I can't say the same thing
about Crash.
This is not about Crash.
This is about me.
No, if he was involved in it
and you knew about it,
then you are an accessory.
And what would happen to me?
Now I do think that I need to
talk to a criminal attorney--
Can't you just go out there
and talk to them
and convince them
to let me go?
I will, as soon as
they set your bail.
Well, I can tell you
who took the necklace.
That would be lovely.
Who?
Bird. She said her mom had
a closet full of jewelry
and she would never,
ever miss it.
Do you know why she took it?
Do you know where it is?
All right, now you're
just interrogating me.
You can't stop being a cop
even for five seconds, can you?
You know what, between you
and your husband,
I... think I might actually
be better off in here.
Just downplay it
so she doesn't get
too upset about Carter, okay?
Okay.
Oh, no.
Later.
Uh, we'll just
talk to her later.
I'm just leaving.
Sorry about earlier.
Yeah, me too.
Six reallys.
I didn't realize that you
and Max were so... close.
Yeah.
Where's Carter?
I thought you said
you were going to go get her.
Still in jail.
Jail?
For what?
Apparently she stole some
of Bird's mother's jewelry.
(snickers)
No, she did not.
Says who?
Bird, for one.
Bird is a sad and lonely girl
who's been jealous of Carter
since the day they met.
Have you talked to her?
Have I? No.
The cops have.
You are a cop.
Not at the moment.
Mom, you're always a cop.
Go talk to her.
She will crack so fast.
There's no way she can
look you in the eye and say
that Carter stole
that jewelry.
But, Taylor, the problem is
that Carter knows where it is,
or at least
what happened to it.
So what?
It makes her an accessory.
Well, at least bail her out.
(knock on door)
Now what?
(woman)
May we come in?
(Elizabeth)
Sure.
Beatrix...
say what you came to say.
Um. Mr. and Mrs. Wilson...
I've done a terrible
thing.
And I only hope
that you and Carter
and the rest of your family
can forgive me.
It seems my daughter stole
my necklace
and blamed your daughter.
I've dropped all charges
against Carter.
See, I knew it.
I told you.
That is exactly what I said.
You never listen to me.
You were right.
I was wrong.
We were wrong.
Now I'm going to the station
to pick up our daughter.
Excuse me.
How could this happen?
I don't understand.
Hey.
I was just going to call you.
I know, they're
dropping the charges.
I'm here to pick up--
No, Liz.
That's why I was going
to call you.
Carter's not here.
Is she in the cell?
I just went down there
to tell her the good news.
She's gone.
Kyle, where is she?
Crash came by.
Some idiot clerk allowed him
to post bail for her.
No, that's impossible.
She's a minor.
They can't.
I know.
But they did.
When was this?
I don't know.
Maybe any hour ago.
Elizabeth, I'm sorry.
You let her go with him?
She left with him?
It wasn't me--
How could you do that?
I just got her back.
And now she's gone?
She's gone.
♪ There'll be no rest
for the wicked ♪
♪ There's no...
Hey, you left this
at Bird's.
Wow, dad's book.
Any good?
I wasn't crazy about it, no.
Oh, well.
Who's gonna want to read a book
called "Finding Carter" now?
♪ But I broke it every time